Barthouth errors can not live without them or can not live with them. Bothouse errors.
هههههههههههه
With the amount I'm flocking lately Check it by the way Check out my screens Make sure you hit this sponsor button become
Dumbling nathion I'm bound to end up on this list at some point you know I'm gonna slip it's bound
To happen in the meantime we gonna laugh at others
I can get some tat hat livin hype in chat for all the hurricanes here with me
Tornadoes ??
What is a hurricane team? * Click on the keyboard * (search)
Laugh!
Based on Ohio
Well I've been living 25 gems and I've heard something from this team that they seem to be very bad but oh waho
He's the right phishing?
It's phishing?
Must be phishing
Oh Wet (Tim)
Wet!
I'm wearing this no stranger shot that way. Too long right that was not 40 seconds Gush Dang I
I forgot that I was wearing this damn damn fine done for the day
Yup !
Yes you should absolutely just quit the broadcast
I knew! - I knew that - I know that people wearing this kind of shirts do not really care about the same team with
Band shirts
Metallica, uh -what is it? Cincinnati hurricanes
A professional hockey team, based in Ohio
Well I've been alive 25 games (Tim) and I have heard something from this team so I mean, it's alive
25 years old and heard nothing about this team
whatever
Oh this wonderful brilliant too
Come on Tim
Use your f ** king head, on your shirt!
Why do you wear a shirt?
Yes that's what I want to know why I'm wearing a Suhair !?
O God, what is this?
Come on!
Laugh a lot
Not now they wet themselves
No I do not like this!
Laugh!
Why Why?
Why do they urinate themselves?
Drunk wet wet herself all - everyone pay a fine subscription
If I piss myself
If you will notice that you are a Pisces myself
Which will not occur in a way that will never happen and they never stop It never happened but if it happened
I made sure I made sure I would turn that camera off I'd be like
Sorry for the minute it will be sim I need to relieve myself
More in the bathroom and did not happen !!
Here in the presidency
It's like proudly bragging and shit is a stream of crumbs typical that can not help themselves any chance as they get to show their kisses bottoms
They will take
What is the maximum level of Pokemon Joe
Well I'm not going to read the title I just want to know what's going on
When you figure ... Well get it Get it now
I'm sure it's level
24 I think I'm the highest level in the whole game
I'm level 27 and stopped playing like 8-a-year ago
What is it under your bed is probably the guitar .....
Ohh maybe yes
Probably
Hahahhahahahahaha
Oh Hada Jabbad
Which was really good anyone who sees the vibrator in the back I think I'm the highest level in the game Yeah?
What is it under your bed maybe maybe
Maybe guitar as you can see here guitar's under everyone's bed
The guitar is probably yes
Probably
Guitar maybe
Yes maybe
I know maybe this
Maybe the guitar haha ​​is behind me !?
This is probably it
A-ah guava
Maybe guitar. I do not need to check or anything
It's not like what I see in the video. I just move it
You may just move this game play over here so you can see it a little better
Element Water - It 's funny or not reading the title I feel
OMG Stop Stop Got the Butterfly I've got a Butterfly Knife
I got a butterfly knife
My God
My God must be worth their worth
$ 400 Oh ohh good oh no
Damn
Because this always happens
Because they continue to act by themselves. His degree of enthusiasm may be imaginary
Knife I can understand something if you are overly confident and such was the wind and
You are chaotic and enthusiastic and you curse yourself
Would not be great if you did not get a butterfly knife
O Allah
5 screens
You do not play
get down
Stop yelling! Do you think he thinks he is silent there
I will withdraw all those
Turn this off and go back to bed
Mom
I've been sleeping all day
I do not care about going back to bed
This is very embarrassing
And yes I shout deliberately
So all can be heard
My mother is not able to hear now .. probably
I want to see him realize he forgot the microphone
Was Micfrone busy all the time?
That made the end worth it all right oh
God bless
I have seen this because it is a wonderful Japanese person
I'm playing fire at home
Oww
We do not know Maldi tends to burn
As you can see there is no lack of flammability here at the back
No
Look behind you please see behind you
O God, not Ooh
Take off the shirt, turn off the fire, my God
Use the pillow O my God
More flammability
This painful
There must be an instructional video that does not do Oh my God that it only runs away Well is this this ohh?
O Allah
I have read well after this
It was fine not hurt anyone which is important and take this as a lesson from
Mada should not do
Is this his mother?
Hilda I'm covering a broadcast
She has got it going on this is not the most bikini boys for Hitler that is not. No, my bikini
Yes start your own series yes ohh?
Well after this game okay I wish that after their skin
Yes, you've just started
That's true
Okay
What time in America ah
I do not know I've lost the track at all times since I went to China?
Oh my God this is the most strange interaction
What happens with the Aoh check?
There is a word I am
I have seen a lot of times because it is called half of G searched in the interpreter
Google but there is no such result as what it means
But I'd lie if you're looking at that Google gets a lot of traffic
But I think this is the guess that the terms they use are
Basis
I'm a gay who is wrong
Like me
Or gay yes I am good and I am actually not good
Hi Trump
I can not. I'm sorry I can not well I can not watch this anymore How long did I have three minutes okay?
My God
Well I can not I can not do this is all I got for the day
But I will not show it
Okay
I will finish this dream thanks for watching
Such as famine and the fountain